Update CypherTypes in procedure/function descriptions (#678)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/functions/list.adoc

[[functions-keys]]
== keys()

> `keys` returns a list containing the string representations for all the property names of a `NODE`, `RELATIONSHIP`, or `MAP`.

Reviewer: This comes up more below as well, so will just ask here.
Should this not be "...returns a `LIST< >`...?

[[functions-range]]
== range()

> `range()` returns a list comprising all `INTEGER` values within a range bounded by a start value `start` and end value `end`, where the difference `step` between any two consecutive values is constant; i.e. an arithmetic progression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`range()` returns a list comprising all `INTEGER` values within a range bounded by a `start` value and an `end` value, where the difference `step` between any two consecutive values is constant; i.e. an arithmetic progression.
```

[[functions-tobooleanlist]]
== toBooleanList()

> `toBooleanList()` converts a list of values and returns a `LIST<BOOLEAN>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`toBooleanList()` converts a `LIST<ANY>` and returns a `LIST<BOOLEAN>`.
```

|===

| Any `null` element in `list` is preserved.
| Any `BOOLEAN` value in `list` is preserved.
| If the `list` is `null`, `null` will be returned.

> | If the `list` is not a list, an error will be returned.

Reviewer: Should these be `LIST< >`?

[[functions-tofloatlist]]
== toFloatList()

> `toFloatList()` converts a list of values and returns a `LIST<FLOAT>`.

Reviewer: See more similar examples below.

```suggestion
`toFloatList()` converts a `LIST<ANY>` and returns a `LIST<FLOAT>`.
```
